
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clich¨¦s from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
terminally brain dead production . 
some episodes work , some don't . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , 