
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
a big fat pain . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
aan opportunity wasted . 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were ¨C i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
storytelling feels slight . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr .