for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
everything is off . 
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides am¨¦lie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 