they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
one lousy movie . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
 . . . hypnotically dull . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
