 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .