
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today . 
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career . 
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open . 
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse . 
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas . 
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs ¡ª a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story ¡ª but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on  the other  and  the self ,  derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever . 
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . 
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
a taut , intelligent psychological drama . 
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her . 
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort . 
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director . 
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance . 
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than  memento  
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next . 
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way . 
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances . 
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
an imaginative comedythriller . 
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days . 
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at . 
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 