
the tenderness of the piece is still intact . 
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated . 
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror . 
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clich¨¦s disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography . 
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear . 
 . . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory . 
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution . 
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters . 
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure . 
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip . 
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists . 
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery . 
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser . 
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self . 
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story . 
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there . 
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results . 
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing . 
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world . 
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity . 
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to . 
 " extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world . 
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done . 
it is nature against progress .