 
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ? 
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone . 
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air . 
remarkably accessible and affecting . 
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
jir¨ª hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . . 
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz . 
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
just what makes us happy , anyway ? 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes . 
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense . 
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
 . . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation . 
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . 