 he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing . 
girls gone wild and gone civil again
 . . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope . 
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind . 
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
 . . . always remains movingly genuine . 
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash . 
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them . 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel . 
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved . 
hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak . 
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady . 
it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family . 
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
family fare . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling . 
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries . 
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel . 
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson . 
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances . 
a model of what films like this should be like . 
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection . 
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance . 
 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 